---
link: "[[1758607062-mma|MMA]]"
session_date: "[[2025-10-02]]"
session_focus:
  - Striking
  - Boxing
  - Kickboxing
session_rating: 8
techniques_practices:
  - Medium Kicks
  - Low Kicks
  - Punches
  - Sparring
rounds_sparred: 5
notes_to_self: Practice my footwork and defense in boxing
XP: 10
tags:
  - MMA
---
# Training Session: [[2025-10-02]]
## Techniques & Drills
### Technical Focus
- Today was sparring day, each day that we have striking sparring I see how much I'm lacking in this area, I've seen improvement but not in my striking.

### Live Training/Sparring
- **Notes:** Sparred with my teammates. The primary lesson was the critical importance of a tight guard. Esteban capitalized on my high guard with two clean body shots, highlighting a major defensive gap.

## Key Insights
- My guard was static and high, leaving my body exposed. Tucking the elbows it's the foundation of a 360-degree defense.

- I cannot build an attack because I am constantly shelling up from incoming strikes. By improving my defense (slipping, parrying, footwork), I will create the safe, off-angle positions from which to launch my own punches.

- My feet were planted, making me an easy target. Good footwork is the first line of defense (creating distance, changing angles) and the key to a powerful offense (generating power, closing distance safely).

## Mistakes & Learnings
- Consistently flaring elbows, creating a "gate" for body shots.
	- **Learning:** Practice guard drills with a focus on keeping elbows glued to my ribs, even when moving and punching.
- A purely reactive, defensive mindset. Waiting to be hit instead of controlling the range and tempo.
	- **Learning:** I need to develop a "go-to" tool. This could be a simple jab to control distance, or a level change (fake a takedown) to disrupt my partner's rhythm. I must give them something to think about.
- Lack of a defined personal style, leading to discomfort and hesitation.

### Action Plan for Next Sparring Session.
- **Pre-Sparring Drill:** Shadowbox with something tucked under my elbow to ensure it stays inside the enforce a tight guard.
- **Primary Sparring Goal:** For the next sparring session, my goal is to keep my elbows tucked and focus on making a strong defense.
- **Homework:** Watch 1-2 technical boxing videos on fundamental defense and practice these movements for 10 minutes daily in front of a mirror. 

---

*"The fighter has been spent in the fight. The warrior spends himself completely."*
