---
link: "[[Journal|Codex]]"
---
<< [[2025-10-13]] - [[2025-10-15]] >>

**On this day:** [[2024-10-14]]
**Alignment with Long Quests:** [[1744330040-goals-2025|Goals 2025]]

---
## Planned Highlights of the Day
Today I will go to my GFs house in the afternoon.

## Daily Quests
- [x] Take my class [[1755608534-integracion-de-servicios-de-aprendizaje-automatico|Integración de Servicios de Aprendizaje Automático]].
- [x] Conduct the daily ritual (review flashcards) to bind AWS incantations to my neural pathways.
- [x] [[1760458933-preparation-for-star-interview-questions|Preparation for STAR Interview Questions]].
- [x] Take the English assessment quiz for the position Business Analyst at IBM.
- [ ] [[1760465400-what-does-the-company-yuno-does?|What does the company Yuno does?]], to be prepared for tomorrows interview.
- [ ] Unlock new secrets of [[1756144012-business-intelligence-analyst-udemy-course-2025|Business Intelligence in the Udemy scrolls]].
- [x] [[1759955068-master-the-java-blades-data-structures-&-algorithms|Master the Java Blades: Data Structures & Algorithms]]
- [ ] Train strength at the iron temple.
- [ ] Forge one new component of my portfolio project that I'm proud to showcase.

## Council of Thoughts
I'm excited for the interview with Yuno and the english assessment with IBM, but I won't get my hopes up and I won't tell anyone yet, I feel embarrassed for always being failing the interviews and not landing a fucking job in all this time. I will not tell anyone about nothing related to my job hunt until I land one.

## Chronicle of the Day


---
## Relics Forged Today
```dataview
table
from ""
where file.cday = this.file.cday AND file.name != this.file.name
sort file.name ASC
```

