---
link: "[[Journal|Codex]]"
---
<< [[2025-09-09]] - [[2025-09-11]] >>

**On this day:** [[2024-09-10]]
**Alignment with Long Quests:** [[1744330040-goals-2025|Goals 2025]]

---
## Planned Highlights of the Day
Continue my seek for knowledge to become a expert in cloud architecting and data analysis magic, practicing the foundations once again and seeing my GF at my house to eat.

## Daily Quests
- [x] Craft a new AWS account utilizing the school identity of my brother.
- [x] Architect the solution to one critical [[1743802715-school|school]] assignment.
- [x] Conduct the daily ritual (review flashcards) to bind AWS incantations to my neural pathways.
- [x] Unlock new secrets of [[1756144012-business-intelligence-analyst-udemy-course-2025|Business Intelligence in the Udemy scrolls]].
- [x] Oracle's Trials (LeetCode).
	- [x] Solve the Labyrinth (Python).
	- [x] Query the Gods (SQL).
- [x] Ensure the well-being of the creatures under Pato's care.
- [ ] Forge one new component of my portfolio project that I'm proud to showcase.
- [-] Train my hand-to-hand combat skills.

## Council of Thoughts
This was a peaceful night, I had the chance to fully recover to continue my journey and be ready for my mission of the day.

## Chronicle of the Day
I have to get a job in a big guild (company) as soon as possible, I've improved a lot, I have to make a name for myself with my missions (portfolio projects) to get the recognition of the guild masters.

---
## Relics Forged Today
```dataview
table
from ""
where file.cday = this.file.cday AND file.name != this.file.name
sort file.name ASC
```

