---
link: "[[Journal|Codex]]"
---
<< [[2025-10-07]] - [[2025-10-09]] >>

**On this day:** [[2024-10-08]]
**Alignment with Long Quests:** [[1744330040-goals-2025|Goals 2025]]

---
## Planned Highlights of the Day
Today I will continue my study sessions to get an early career position as a data analyst, the job fair yesterday was really important since most companies told me that I don't qualify for their intern positions since I will be graduating in less than 2 months.

## Daily Quests
- [x] Conduct the daily ritual (review flashcards) to bind AWS incantations to my neural pathways.
- [x] Unlock new secrets of [[1756144012-business-intelligence-analyst-udemy-course-2025|Business Intelligence in the Udemy scrolls]].
- [x] Oracle's Trials (LeetCode).
	- [x] Solve the Labyrinth (Python).
- [x] Forge one new component of my portfolio project that I'm proud to showcase.
- [-] Train my hand-to-hand combat skills.
- [-] Make a note about what I learned in my hand-to-hand combat class.

## Council of Thoughts
Today I will not assist to my MMA class since I feel sick with a sore throat and kinda like the flu, I cannot breathe easily and I don't want to spread the virus to my teammates.

## Chronicle of the Day
I advanced a lot towards finishing my [[1757569653-uber-analytics-chronicles-2024|Uber Analytics Chronicles 2024]] project for my portfolio and I also started my [[1759955068-master-the-java-blades-data-structures-&-algorithms|Master the Java Blades: Data Structures & Algorithms]] with an Udemy course to get ready for coding interviews. 

---
## Relics Forged Today
```dataview
table
from ""
where file.cday = this.file.cday AND file.name != this.file.name
sort file.name ASC
```

