---
link: "[[Journal|Codex]]"
---
<< [[2025-09-08]] - [[2025-09-10]] >>

**On this day:** [[2024-09-09]]
**Alignment with Long Quests:** [[1744330040-goals-2025|Goals 2025]]

---
## Planned Highlights of the Day
Going to the gym with my GF at night, continue my progress with my AWS certification and my BI course to get it done.

## Daily Quests
- [x] Conduct the daily ritual (review flashcards) to bind AWS incantations to my neural pathways.
- [x] Unlock new secrets of [[1756144012-business-intelligence-analyst-udemy-course-2025|Business Intelligence in the Udemy scrolls]].
- [x] Oracle's Trials (LeetCode).
	- [x] Solve the Labyrinth (Python).
	- [x] Query the Gods (SQL).
- [x] Ensure the well-being of the creatures under Pato's care.
- [>] Craft a new AWS account utilizing the school identity of my brother.
- [x] Forge one new component of my portfolio project that I'm proud to showcase.
- [x] Train strength with my companion at the iron temple. (Go to the gym with my GF)

## Council of Thoughts
Didn't connect to my [[1755608534-integracion-de-servicios-de-aprendizaje-automatico|Integraci칩n de Servicios de Aprendizaje Autom치tico]] class because my I had a stomach ache and didn't sleep all that well.

## Chronicle of the Day
Didn't finish crafting my new AWS account, but I completed all of my daily quest, this gets me closer to finishing my side and main quest, I just need my AWS account to get going with my side quest of my [[1755608534-integracion-de-servicios-de-aprendizaje-automatico|Integraci칩n de Servicios de Aprendizaje Autom치tico]] quest.

---
## Relics Forged Today
```dataview
table
from ""
where file.cday = this.file.cday AND file.name != this.file.name
sort file.name ASC
```

