---
link: "[[Journal|Codex]]"
---
<< [[2025-10-06]] - [[2025-10-08]] >>

**On this day:** [[2024-10-07]]
**Alignment with Long Quests:** [[1744330040-goals-2025|Goals 2025]]

---
## Planned Highlights of the Day
Today there will be a job fair at my university and I will assist and hopefully get an opportunity there.

## Daily Quests
- [x] Attend my [[1755608534-integracion-de-servicios-de-aprendizaje-automatico|Integración de Servicios de Aprendizaje Automático]] class.
- [x] Go the job fair.
- [x] Conduct the daily ritual (review flashcards) to bind AWS incantations to my neural pathways.
- [-] Unlock new secrets of [[1756144012-business-intelligence-analyst-udemy-course-2025|Business Intelligence in the Udemy scrolls]].
- [x] See my GF when she comes to my house and eat together.
- [-] Oracle's Trials (LeetCode).
	- [-] Solve the Labyrinth (Python).
- [x] Forge one new component of my portfolio project that I'm proud to showcase.
- [-] Train strength with my companion at the iron temple. (Go to the gym with my GF)

## Council of Thoughts
I hope that going to the Job Fair gives me a good opportunity at getting a job, I don't mind if it's an internship or an entry level, I just want a job, somewhere that I can use my knowledge that I've obtained during this unemployment time.

## Chronicle of the Day
Today I couldn't do many things of my daily study sessions, but it was because of a good cause, I went to the job fair for 3 hours so I could increase my chances of getting a great job and when I came back I was super tired, I talked to so many companies, shared my CV with many talent acquisition persons, and listened to many different opportunities.


---
## Relics Forged Today
```dataview
table
from ""
where file.cday = this.file.cday AND file.name != this.file.name
sort file.name ASC
```

