---
link: "[[1756255545-load-balancing-and-auto-scaling-study-guide|Load Balancing and Auto Scaling Study Guide]]"
aliases: 
  - Load Balancing and Auto Scaling Flashcards 
tags:
  - Knowledge
  - aws
  - cloud
  - certificate
  - Training/AWS/NotebookLM/LB_and_ASG
  - ALB
  - ASG
created_date:
  "2025-08-27"
---
# Load Balancing and Auto Scaling Flashcards 
- What is a load balancer's primary function?;;Is a server or set of servers that **forwards received traffic to multiple backend or downstream EC2 instances or servers**. It **spreads the load across multiple downstream instances**.
<!--SR:!2025-11-18,62,310-->
- What are some key benefits of using and Elastic Load Balancer (ELB)?;;**Spread the load** across multiple downstream instances, expose a **single point of access** to applications, **seamlessly handles failures** of downstream instances using health checks, can provide **SSL termination** for HTTPS traffic, supports **stickiness with cookies**, provides **high availability across zones**, **separates public from private traffic**, **managed by AWS** (handling upgrades, maintenance and high availability).
<!--SR:!2025-12-27,80,270-->
- At what OSI layer does the **Application Load Balancer (ALB)** operate, and what are its primary protocols?;;The ALB is **Layer 7 only load balancer**, meaning it primarily operates at the **HTTP layer**. It supports **HTTP, HTTPS, and WebSocket protocols**, including **HTTP/2**.
<!--SR:!2025-11-19,63,310-->
- At what OSI layer does the **Network Load Balancer (NLB)** operate, and what protocols does it support?;;The NLB is a **Layer 4 load balancer**. It supports **TCP, TLS, secure TCP, and UDP protocols**
<!--SR:!2026-02-10,120,290-->
- At what OSI layer does the **Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB)** operate, and what specific protocol does it use?;;The GWLB operates at the **network layer (Layer 3) for IP packets**. It uses the **GENEVE protocol on port 6081**.
<!--SR:!2025-11-01,45,290-->
- What is AWS's recommendation regarding the **Classic Load Balancer (CLB)**?;;AWS **does not want users to use the Classic Load Balancer anymore**; it is shown as **deprecated** within the console, though still available. It is an **older generation** load balancer.
<!--SR:!2025-11-11,55,310-->
- What are some key routing capabilities of the Application Load Balancer (ALB)?;;**Target path of the URL** (e.g., /users, /posts), **host name of the url** (e.g., one.example.com, other.example.com), **query strings and headers** (e.g., ?Platform=Mobile, ?Platform=Desktop).
<!--SR:!2025-10-23,41,290-->
- How do EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) get the true client IP address?;;The application servers **do not directly see the client's IP**. The ALB performs **connection termination** and the talks to the EC2 instance using its own IP. The true client IP is inserted into the **X-Forwarder-For** header of the HTTP request. The port and protocol are similarly found in **X-Forwarder-Port** and **X-Forwarded-Proto** headers, respectively.
<!--SR:!2025-11-10,54,310-->
- What is the purpose of **Connection Draining (or Deregistration Delay)** in load balancers?;;Connection Draining (CLB) or Deregistration Delay (for ALB/NLB) gives instance **time to complete in-flight or active request** while the instance is being deregistered or marked unhealthy. During this period, the ELB **stops sending new requests** to the draining instance but allows existing connections to finish.
<!--SR:!2026-01-05,94,290-->
- What is the **default duration** for Connection Draining/Deregistration Delay?;;The default duration is **300 seconds (five minutes)**. It can be configured between 1 and 3,600 seconds or disabled by setting it to zero.
<!--SR:!2025-10-17,30,250-->
- What is the **default cross-zone load balancing setting** for ALB, NLB, and CLB?;;Application Load Balancer (ALB): Enabled by default, Network Load Balancer (NLB): Disabled by default, Classic Load Balancer (CLB): Disabled by default.
<!--SR:!2026-01-11,90,270-->
- Which load balancer incur **charges for inter-AZ data transfer** if cross-zone load balancing is enabled?;;The **Network Load Balancer (NLB) and Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) incur charges** for inter-AZ data trnsfer if cross-zone load balancing is enabled. For the ALB, there are **no charges** for inter-AZ data transfer because it is enabled by default. For the CLB, if enabled, you are **not charged** for inter-AZ data transfers.
<!--SR:!2025-12-06,68,270-->
- Why would you use **sticky sessions (session affinity)**?;;Sticky sessions ensure that a client making multiple request to the load balancer will **always be directed to the same backend EC2 instance.** This is used to **prevent loss of session data** (e.g., user login information) that might be stored on a specific instance.
<!--SR:!2025-11-21,65,310-->
- Name the **two types of cookies** used for sticky sessions:;;**Application-based cookies**: Generated by the target application itself with custom attributes and an application-defined duration, **Duration-based cookies**: Generated by the load balancer itself, with an expiry based on a specific duration set at the load balancer level.
<!--SR:!2025-12-23,77,270-->
- What is **Server Name Indication (SNI)** and what problem does it solve?;;SNI is a protocol that requires the client to **indicate the hostname of the target server in the initial SSL handshake**. It solves the problem of **how to load multiple SSL certificates onto one web server** (or load balancer) to serve multiple websites from a single endpoint, allowing the server to know which certificate to load.
<!--SR:!2025-12-05,60,250-->
- Which load balancer **support SNI** for multiple SSL certificates, and which do not?;;**Support SNI**: ALB and NLB. **Do not support SNI**: CLB, it can only support one SSL certificate per load balancer.
<!--SR:!2025-12-24,76,270-->
- What is the **primary goal of an Auto Scaling Group (ASG)**?;;The goal of an ASG is to **scale out (add EC2 instances) to math an increased load** or to **scale in (remove EC2 instances) to match a decreased load**. It also replaces unhealthy instances.
<!--SR:!2025-11-12,56,310-->
- What three **capacity parameters** can be defined for an Auto Scaling Group (ASG)?;;An ASG allows you to set a **minimum capacity**, a **desired capacity**, and a **maximum capacity** for the number of EC2 instances running at any time.
<!--SR:!2025-12-30,89,290-->
- What is the **default cooldown period** for an Auto Scaling Group (ASG) after a scaling activity?;;The default cooldown period is **five minutes (300 seconds)**. During this period, the ASG will not launch or terminate additional instances, allowing metrics to stabilize.
<!--SR:!2025-10-16,13,230-->
- Describe the two types of **scalability**:;;**Vertical scalability**: Involves **increasing the size of a single instance**. **Horizontal scalability (Elasticity)** Involves **increasing the number of instances or systems**, commonly used with distributed systems and Auto Scaling Groups.
<!--SR:!2025-11-20,64,310-->


