---
link: "[[1759336504-review-practice-exam-1-aws-saa|Review Practice Exam 1 AWS SAA]]"
aliases:
  - Question 3
tags:
  - Knowledge
  - aws
  - DesignResilientArchitectures
created_date: 2025-10-01
status: incorrect
domain: Design Resilient Architectures
---
# Question 3
## Question Details
**Original Question:**
A company manages a multi-tier social media application that runs on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones (AZs) and use an Amazon Aurora database. As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, you have been tasked to make the application more resilient to periodic spikes in request rates.

Which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case? (Select two)

**My Answer:** Use Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the Application Load Balancer, *Use AWS Global Accelerator*.
**Correct Answer:** Use Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the Application Load Balancer, *Use Amazon Aurora Replica*.
## Root Cause Analysis
**Primary Issue:** [[1759338976-knowledge-gap|Knowledge Gap]]
- Selected the correct half of the answer by selecting CloudFront distribution for better resiliency to handle spikes in traffic but then I selected and illogical answer selecting AWS Global Accelerator, that is used for non-HTTP use cases.
## Core Concepts Tested
- [[1751474216-cloudfront-overview|CloudFront]]
- [[1750265113-amazon-aurora|Aurora]]
**Key Keywords I Missed:**
- 
## Why the Correct Answer Works
Both Amazon CloudFront distribution and Aurora Replica can be used to make the application more resilient to spikes in request rates.
- **Amazon CloudFront Distribution in front of the [[1749061609-application-load-balancer-(alb)|ALB]]**
	- Fast content delivery network ([[1752770481-cdn|CDN]]), points of presence (POPs) enable popular content to be server quickly. Has regional edge caches bring more content near your viewers even if it's not popular enough.
- **Amazon Aurora Replica**
	- You can issue queries to them to scale your read operations by pointing to the reader endpoint so it distributes the operations, if the writer endpoints becomes unavailable, Aurora automatically promotes one of the reader instances to take its place.
## Why My Answer Was Wrong
- **AWS [[1751480233-global-accelerator|Global Accelerator]]**
	- Used for non-HTTP use cases, improves the availability and performance of your application.
