---
link: "[[1759336504-review-practice-exam-1-aws-saa|Review Practice Exam 1 AWS SAA]]"
aliases:
  - Question 8 Exam 1
tags:
  - Knowledge
  - aws
  - DesignHighPerformingArchitectures
created_date: 2025-10-13
status: incorrect
domain: Design High-Performing Architectures
---
# Question 8 Exam 1
## Question Details
**Original Question:**
An Electronic Design Automation (EDA) application produces massive volumes of data that can be divided into two categories. The 'hot data' needs to be both processed and stored quickly in a parallel and distributed fashion. The 'cold data' needs to be kept for reference with quick access for reads and updates at a low cost.

Which of the following AWS services is BEST suited to accelerate the aforementioned chip design process?

**My Answer:** AWS Glue
**Correct Answer:** Amazon FSx for Lustre
## Root Cause Analysis
**Primary Issue:** [[1759337372-misreading-the-question|Misreading the Question]]
## Core Concepts Tested
- [[1751569489-aws-storage-comparison|AWS Storage Comparison]]

**Key Keywords I Missed:**
- **parallel and distributed fashion** -> High performance storage.
- **'cold data' needs to be kept for reference** -> Historical storage.
## Why the Correct Answer Works
- [[1751563857-amazon-fsx#^Lustre|Amazon FSx for Lustre]] provides both the ability to process 'hot data' in a parallel and distributed fashion as well as storing 'cold data' with it's integration with [[1751042472-s3-overview|S3]].
## Why My Answer Was Wrong
- [[1753978576-aws-glue|AWS Glue]] is meant to be used for batch ETL data processing. It doesn't offer the same storage and processing speed as FSx for Lustre.
