---
link: "[[1759336504-review-practice-exam-1-aws-saa|Review Practice Exam 1 AWS SAA]]"
aliases:
  - Question 9 Exam 1
tags:
  - Knowledge
  - aws
  - DesignResilientArchitectures
created_date: 2025-10-13
status: correct
domain: Design Resilient Architectures
---
# Question 9 Exam 1
## Question Details
**Original Question:**
A retail company has developed a REST API which is deployed in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. The REST API stores the user data in Amazon DynamoDB and any static content, such as images, are served via Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). On analyzing the usage trends, it is found that 90% of the read requests are for commonly accessed data across all users.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following would you suggest as the MOST efficient solution to improve the application performance?

**My Answer:** Enable Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon CloudFront for Amazon S3.

**Correct Answer:** Enable Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon CloudFront for Amazon S3.
## Root Cause Analysis
**Why This Was the Right Choice:** 


## Core Concepts Tested
- [[1752777935-amazon-dynamodb|DynamoDB]]
- [[1752790629-dynamodb-advanced-features#^DAX|DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)]]
- [[1751474216-cloudfront-overview|CloudFront]]

**Key Keywords I Identified Correctly:**
- **DynamoDB** -> used for storing user data, can use DAX to improve performance.
- **S3** -> for static content, need for a CDN.
## Why the Correct Answer Works
- [[1752790629-dynamodb-advanced-features#^DAX|DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)]] is a highly available, in-memory cache for DynamoDB that delivers up to 10 times performance improvement. [[1751474216-cloudfront-overview|CloudFront]] is a [[1752770481-cdn|CDN]] service that delivers static and dynamic web content, video streams, and APIs, it routes the request to nearby Edge Location, if it has a copy of the requested file it delivers it to the user, providing a fast (low-latency) response. 
