---
link: "[[1747853373-aws-certified-solution-architect-associate-2025|AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate 2025]]"
aliases:
  - Route 53 Quiz
tags:
  - resource
  - Cards/AWS
  - aws
  - cloud
  - certificate
created_date: 2025/06/24
---
# Route 53 Quiz
- You have purchased **mycoolcompany.com** on Amazon Route 53 Registrar and would like the domain to point to your Elastic Load Balancer **my-elb-1234567890.us-west-2.elb.amazonaws.com**. Which Route 53 Record type must you use here?;;Alias.
<!--SR:!2025-09-04,45,290-->
- You have deployed a new Elastic Beanstalk environment and would like to direct 5% of your production traffic to this new environment. This allows you to monitor for CloudWatch metrics and ensuring that there're no bugs exist with your new environment. Which Route 53 Routing Policy allows you to do so?;;Weighted.
<!--SR:!2025-07-25,8,270-->
- You have updated a Route 53 Record's **myapp.mydomain.com** value to point to a new Elastic Load Balancer, but it looks like users are still redirected to the old ELB. What is a possible cause for this behavior?;;Because of the TTL.
<!--SR:!2025-09-15,61,310-->
- You have an application that's hosted in two different AWS Regions `us-west-1` and `eu-west-2`. You want your users to get the best possible user experience by minimizing the response time from application servers to your users. Which Route 53 Routing Policy should you choose?;;Latency.
<!--SR:!2025-09-11,58,310-->
- You have a legal requirement that people in any country but France should **NOT** be able to access your website. Which Route 53 Routing Policy helps you in achieving this?;;Geolocation.
<!--SR:!2025-09-13,59,310-->
- You have purchased a domain on **GoDaddy** and would like to use Route 53 as the DNS Service Provider. What should you do to make this work?;;Create a Public Hosted Zone and update the 3rd party Registrar NS records.
<!--SR:!2025-08-13,20,230-->
- Which of the following are **NOT** valid Route 53 Health Checks?;;Health Check that monitor SQS Queue.
<!--SR:!2025-07-31,15,230-->