---
link: "[[1747853373-aws-certified-solution-architect-associate-2025|AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate 2025]]"
aliases: 
  - Amazon FSx
tags:
  - resource
  - aws
  - cloud
  - certificate
  - FSx
created_date:
  2025-07-03
---
# Amazon FSx
## Summary
- 

## Key Ideas
### What it's used for?
- Launch 3rd party high-performance managed file systems on AWS.

### FSx for Windows (File Server) ^Windows
- Supports SMB protocol & Windows NTFS.
- Microsoft Active Directory integration, ACLs, user quotas.
- **Can be mounted on Linux EC2 instances**.
- Supports **Microsoft's Distributed File System (DFS) Namespaces** (group files across multiple FS).
- Scale up to 10s of GB/s, millions of IOPS, 100s PB of data.
- Storage options:
  - **SSD** - latency sensitive workload (DBs, media processing, data analytics, ...).
  - **HDD** - broad spectrum of workloads (home directory, CMS, ...).
- Can be accessed form your on-premises infrastructure (VPN or Direct Connect).
- Can be configured to be Multi-AZ.
- Data is backed to [[1751042472-s3-overview|S3]]

### FSx for Lustre ^Lustre
- Type of parallel distributed file system, for large-scale computing.
- Name is derived from "Linux" and "cluster".
- Used for Machine Learning, high-performance computing (HPC).
- Scales up to 100s GB/s, millions of IOPS, sub-ms latencies.
- Storage options:
  - **SSD** - low-latency, IOPS intensive workloads, small & random file operations.
  - **HDD** - throughput-intensive workloads, large & sequential file operations.
- **Seamless integration with S3.**
  - Can "read S3" as file system, and can write the output of the computations back to S3.
- Can be used from on-premises servers (VPN or Direct Connect).

#### File System Deployment Options
- **Scratch File System:**
  - Temporary storage.
  - Data is not replicated (doesn't persist if file server fails).
  - High burst (6x faster, 200MBps per TiB).
  - Usage: short-term processing, optimize costs.
- **Persistent File System:**
  - Long-term storage.
  - Data is replicated within same AZ.
  - Replace failed files within minutes.
  - Usage: Long-term processing, sensitive data.

### FSx for NetApp ONTAP
- **Compatible with NFS, SMB, iSCSI protocol.**
- Move workloads running on ONTAP or NAS to AWS.
- Works with:
  - Linux
  - Windows
  - MacOS
  - VMware Cloud on AWS
  - Amazon Workspaces & AppStream 2.0
  - Amazon [[1748020848-ec2-basics|EC2]], ECS and EKS.
- Storage shrinks or grows automatically.
- Snapshots, replication, low-cost, compression and data de-duplication.
- **Point-in-time instantaneous cloning (helpful for testing).**

### FSx for OpenZFS
- File system compatible with NFS (v3, v4, v4.1, v4.2)
- Move workloads running on ZFS to AWS.
- Works with:
  - Linux
  - Windows
  - MacOS
  - VMware Cloud on AWS
  - Amazon Workspaces & AppStream 2.0
  - Amazon [[1748020848-ec2-basics|EC2]], ECS and EKS.
- Up to 1,000,000 IOPS with < 0.5ms latency.
- Snapshots, compression and low-cost.
- **Point-in-time instantaneous cloning (helpful for testing).**


